Vegetarian people eat neither fish nor fowl
Impossible, neither fish nor fowl are raised in that breeding farm!
In this shop they sell neither fish nor fowl

In this essay there should be the results but the conclusions come next to nothing 
The chair in the living-room is next to nothing
Why did they build the new shopping centre next to nothing? 

The exam precisely started at nine to five and finished two hours after
In yesterday's match Manchester United beated Real Madrid nine to five
The number of participants could be drastically reduced from nine to five 

This year the local farmes got no spring chicken to sell
The man opened the fridge but there was no spring chicken left for dinner
It is a fact: no spring chicken is tastier and more expensive than a veal of 6 months

Martha did not know his grandfather was dead and buried in a cemetery somewhere in India
All my dogs are dead and buried in the garden, but I still complain about them daily
'Is Sam's father stil alive?' 'No,he's been dead and buried for fifty years 

Look at your new Shirt! It's covered in large spots of red ink  
Shall I write the title of the paper with red ink or a black one?
This time the teacher made the corrections in blue instead of using red ink

The lady was carrying a bag of bones for his puppy
When I opened the bin I smelled a foul odour coming from a bag of bones 
Has that bag of bones been lying on the floor kitchen since yesterday?

A notorious criminal has been put behind bars eight weeks after walking out of a prison 
You will end up behind bars if you continue to break the law
Due to a car accident the young woman has been locked behind bars for the rest of her life

This Christmas my mother decided to put out all the bells and whistles she has 
Who is in charge of buying New Year's bells and whistles? 
The bells and whistles decorating the city centre are lovely

The staff call your hound by name , and tiptoe past your room at night so as to let sleeping dogs lie
Wouldn't it be better to let sleeping dogs lie outside in the garden?
Although the kibbles are in the bowl let sleeping dogs lie a bit longer

Patients may complain of intractable pain in the neck or the back of the head.
I went to the doctor because of a terrible pain in the neck
A pain in the neck is something a physiotherapist can treat.

We were driving in the mountains and we got lost in a fog
We were lost in a fog and there were three dogs barking at us.
You should drive slower when you find yourself in a fog.

She put her purchase in the bag and left the supermarket
The policeman wanted to know what the arrested had put in the bag
They found that in the bag there was a wallet with some money inside.

Listen! He said that in the same boat we can proceed our journey to Madagascar
I did not expect to find my old friend in the same boat I took.
I like how you can go fishing and have a trip in the same boat.

I buy only cotton or silk socks to avoid itchy feet.
When you go for a long walk it can happen to have itchy feet.
Try this lotion, it helps dealing with itchy feet

I stopped at the stoplight, until the green light came.
Tn the rainbow you can see the green light between the blue and the yellow one
I think a green light could add a nice look in this room

He delights in an old coat and pants and a torn old hat .
Anne will be wearing a nice dress but an old hat, it was her mother's.
The mechanic dresses with a distressed jumpsuit and an old hat

I would squash that stupid and annoying fly on the wall!
The fly on the wall was pointing at my food, disgusting!
There was a fly on the wall of my bedroom

The icing on the cake was a buttercream with melted white chocolate
Of the whole pastries they offered, I really liked the icing on the cake I ate.
That icing on the cake was too sugary and buttery.

The red flag outside was fluttering because of the strong wind.
The Soviet Union flag is a red flag with a golden hammer and sickle 
The red flag is displayed when conditions are too dangerous to continue the session.

The hovercraft has always suffered from the fact that it is neither fish nor fowl
He will fit in nowhere. Unfortunately, he will be neither fish nor fowl
Creatures thrown up by the sea , stalled on the sands , indecisive , neither hot nor cold , neither fish nor fowl

This is piecework and it pays next to nothing
He says surprisingly little about Grace and next to nothing about the sacramental life 
You know next to nothing about me and you do not know my father at all 

I could have got a nine to five job but I never wanted one 
He realised at an early age that the nine to five routine was not for him .
It is great for people who work nine to five but have a beautiful car in the garage

After all , you 're thirty now and no spring chicken yourself any more 
The shirt 's a bit bright , and he 's not as young as you thought . Hell , He 's no spring chicken .
Getting fit takes time and commitment and if you 're no spring chicken , you have to take it easy along the way.

Rather than going back , I would wish to be dead and buried 20 feet underground 
He is convinced that prejudice is dead and buried
But on Thursday he will be given the chance to resurrect an international career which looked dead and buried

It will keep that distinction as long as the government continues to gush red ink 
Companies are swimming in red ink; the value of your house is heading towards the basement ; unemployment is heading towards the roof 
The latest financial results from US computer companies are awash in red ink , due to a slowdown in US sales

He 'd never have spent a week milksopping around this godforsaken backwater on account of — one little bag of bones . ’
A system which has the intelligence to acknowledge that people are more than just a bag of bones dressed up in a birthday suit
‘ He does not look too bad because of his coat but when you handle him , he is just a bag of bones . ’

You have not even met him yet and already you have put him behind bars for life .
The old man was regarding him as if he were a strange species behind bars 
When the sun did rise , it would find itself locked behind bars of cloud

This shareware disk caching utility has more bells and whistles than the Microsoft freebie
It 's more the ‘ bells and whistles ’ of museum life which have grown so much in the last fifteen years , like restaurants , shops , which should be left to the private sector 
It has all of the facilities you need , and a few nice bells and whistles thrown in 

If the child is behaving well or playing quietly the typical parental attitude is ‘ let sleeping dogs lie ’
I know , doctor , but you see I 'm all this time without pain and I think I will let sleeping dogs lie .
It did not occur to you to let sleeping dogs lie , if you will forgive the stereotype ? 

Now he has become a pain in the neck to the establishment 
But if the American thought he had a pain in the neck then , there were bigger shocks in store
Some clients are wonderful and some are a pain in the neck indecisive , argumentative , and generally difficult .

I felt a sense of relief as if we 'd cleared some giant obstacle in a fog .
He was in a fog of mental apathy and confusion .
The origins of local government in Britain are lost not so much in the mists of time as in a fog of detail .

It 's not a long course , but it will examine every aspect of technique with every club in the bag .
I lay in bed that night , trying to remember what had been in the bag .
By four o'clock it was clear that the Tories had it in the bag .

A lot of other people were in the same boat  but this might bring temporary comfort.
Our aim is to provide a social platform so people can meet others who are in the same boat .
In school you 'd be getting the looks and all that , but here everyone 's in the same boat .

May is a month when you have itchy feet and when important plans or decisions regarding the future are made .
Her own two younger children had got itchy feet at sixteen too.
He started to move the furniture around, a sign that she 's getting itchy feet :

The Secretary of State for the Environment has given the green light for a windfarm development.
Governments and donors may well interpret this claim as a green light to invest capital in the new service tier .
If you get the green light from the Head , discuss what should happen at your first meeting with the teachers.

Bar codes are old hat in retailing .
I really am fed up with other people 's old hat views about abseiling .
According to ‘ Looking Good ’ , designer stubble is definitely old hat !

I wish I could be a fly on the wall in your life this week !
I would love to be a fly on the wall during his meeting with ‘ The Godfathers ’ to hear what answers they gave.
If the same thing was to happen tonight , I would not mind being a fly on the wall in the Oxford dressing room .

We pay him to put icing on the cake , and tie him to us .
I love my job and getting public recognition is merely the icing on the cake.
He was delighted to have his story published, getting paid for it was just icing on the cake.

The statistic does indeed ‘ raise a red flag ’ but detailed investigation reveals that there are good explanations .
A red flag arises when a person can't have a healthy relationship and being together would be emotionally dangerous
A red flag indicates a reason to cease or back away from a relationship, while yellow flags are less severe.